So, after an exciting year of coming out
and my parents announcing their divorce,
the O'Neals were taking it easy.
Instead of having the big gay summer
I'd always dreamed of,
I watched one on TV.
You know we could've
actually gone to the Gay Pride Parade.
Yeah, I'm just gonna
come out and say it.
I prefer a hairless chest.
Mm-hmm.
My mom had sort of come around
to the idea of me being gay,
but we still had a ways to go.
Oh, Kenny, you know I enjoy a good float
as much as the next person,
but why all the
booty shorts and nipples?
Can't you just tell the others
to tone it down a bit?
Sure thing.
We all know each other,
so I'm just gonna hop on
the rainbow Bat-phone
and call everyone.
Thanks!
- Hello?
- Hey, Lance.
My mom needs everyone to tone it down.
I'm on it.
Yell-o.
Hey, Jane. It's Lance.
Kenny's mom says we need
to smother the flame.
Copy that, Lancelot.
- Hello?
- Hey, haircut, tamp it down.
- Eileen again?
- We're reining in the unicorn.
- Tell everybody.
- That'll take forever.
I know somebody who can reach
the whole gang at once.
Hello?
Ru, we need you.
It's our friend in Chicago.
Dialing down the gay. Got it.
Damn.
Rihanna is fine.
Oh, child.
What was that?
Ru?
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
With summer over and school
beginning again,
life returned to,
well, as normal as
it could for my family.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
All right, I won't beat around the bush.
I got asked to be a
super model in a fashion show!
Is the person who asked you, you?
And is the show right now?
No, I was at the mall,
and the assistant manager
of a very mid-end women's
boutique approached me.
The show is in two days.
I have to practice.
Mm-hmm. Sashay.
Good God. Are you still cooking
all that meat you bought
at the store this summer?
You weren't fooling around.
Of course I wasn't.
I never fool around.
Especially not with meat.
It's summer, of all seasons.
Eileen, I am your almost
ex-husband's brother's ex-wife.
- You can tell me anything.
- All right, fine.
You remember how I made out
with the kids' Vice Principal
at the end of the year
and felt incredible shame?
Yes.
Well, apparently,
that shame wasn't enough
to keep me from meeting him
in the meat aisle of Watsons Market
every Tuesday this summer.
Oh, Look at that. Flank steak.
I marinate mine in soy sauce.
Oh?
Veal chops?
They're better with the bone in.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
But that is over and done with.
I have told him this
is just a summer "thang."
And as soon as I finish
cooking this meat,
he will be completely out of my system.
Well, your secret is safe with me.
Model's honor.
Oh...
Oh, my God, I'm so late!
Oh, take a pork chop! Oh.
Okay, okay, okay!
I'm excited, 'cause today
is the first day
of my new health regimen.
So I got my little
Fitbit thingy all hooked up,
- and man, does that look good.
- Mm-hmm.
Uh, Fitbit, how many steps to
work off breakfast pork chops?
- Uh, Dad...
- Shh. This is precious.
Fitbit?
I don't think I set this thing up right.
Okay. So, I have an announcement.
You're also afraid of birds?
What? No.
In honor of tomorrow
being National Coming Out day,
I wanted to do something to
welcome the other gay kids
at our school who are going to come out.
Blam!
- Is that a foot?
- I'm so sorry.
Hate to break it to you, Kenny,
but after Clearly
Gay Stuart transferred,
I think you're the lone gay wolf.
That is not so.
Studies have shown that
3.8% of all people are gay.
So, if there are 460
kids at St. Barklay's,
that means that 17.5 of them are gay.
Can someone be... point-five gay?
I prefer sparkling
water, so... probably.
Kenny, those numbers might be right
at Fire Island High School,
but not at St. Barklay's.
No, Mom, they're... they're
true everywhere.
That's why it's called a statistic.
Even if your so-called math is correct,
I still say keep your socks
and your secrets to yourself.
Okay, you know what?
If you guys don't understand why
Coming Out Day is so important,
then I'm obviously gonna have to
do more than just wear socks.
You know what?
I'm gonna start an LGBT club at school.
If I build it, they will come out!
Nice! "Field of Dreams."
- Hey.
- What is... I've never heard of that.
I love it, Kenny.
I'm all for starting an LGBT club.
Well, that's excellent. Thank you.
Yeah, the only hiccup is
I just gave your sister's sewing
club the last available space.
But I can move you to the...
boiler room.
Yeah, I wonder how
that's gonna look, you know?
"Vice Principal keeps gays underground."
Uh...
I will move Shannon to the boiler room.
Thank you.
Oh, um, by the way,
how's your family doing?
More specifically, your mother?
Um, you and my mom at prom,
that was like a... that
was like a one-time thing, right?
A thing, a "thang."
Either way, my phone's not ringing, see?
Wait, is it on?
Maybe that's been the...
Nope. It's on.
I thought for a second
it wasn't on, but it's on.
Seriously?
Oh, my...
Clive wants me to personally deliver
the kids' vaccination records to him.
Which is obviously today's
pathetic excuse to see me.
Are you sure there's not
a small part of you
that actually likes Clive?
What? No.
How could I like a man
who lives with his mother
and wears bike shorts to run errands?
Can't get over that Hootie
and the Blowfish broke up.
When you call the rest
of your band "Blowfish,"
there's gonna be resentment, Mr. Rucker.
Entrez-vous.
Oh, uh...
Mr. O'Neal!
Hello. Eileen sent me down with
the kids' vaccination records.
I actually didn't even
know our kids were vaccinated,
so it's good news.
Um, I can come back if I'm interrupting.
No! Nope. Not interrupting.
Um, this is something I always do
for parents who bring in documents.
You always do a floor picnic?
Yeah.
Yes. Yeah.
Hmm.
Hey, uh, your LGBT club
pushed my sewing club
to the boiler room.
I know, and I'm sorry about that,
but my club is important.
Look, I even have a question box
if there are things
people are afraid to ask.
Well, here's a question...
Why do you think you're better than me?
Well, I really prefer the
questions to be written down.
And also, your club is not real.
You know, you're shortening
uniform skirts for cash.
You're basically running a sweat shop.
- I am not.
- Sorry, Shannon.
I'm a little behind on my quota,
but it's really hot in the boiler room
and thgirls are asking for water.
No, Claire. Water
leads to bathroom breaks!
Hey, okay, so, my college
counselor seems to think
that I need to be in a club,
and I was thinking I could
just jump into yours.
Well, I've checked out a
bunch of different clubs.
Turns out physics is
just a code word for science.
Okay, look, guys, I'm sorry,
but my club is about more than
looking good on a college
application or making money.
It's a club for me and others
like me started by me.
So, if you'll excuse me,
I have to go inspire others
to be more like me.
You have nimble fingers
and a hearty constitution.
You could be in my sewing club.
No, thank you.
Sewing is for fa-a-a ...brics.
Yep, maybe I do need
to be in Kenny's club.
You know, it's nice
to picnic with somebody.
Haven't done this since my divorce.
Picnics were kind of my go-to move.
Oh. Yeah. Oh, I know what you mean.
I mean, not about picnics,
because I'm a man, but...
I'm actually getting a divorce, as well.
I think I heard that
in the teachers' lounge.
Not that I gossip. I heard
it from Mrs. Chavez.
She's a drunk and she's
losing her house.
Oh.
Yeah, it's been
tough, though, I mean, uh...
been trying to figure out
how to be single again
after all these years.
Even bought this fitness tracker
because I thought it
would help get me in shape.
All it's been is a guilt bracelet.
$99 down the crapper!
All right.
You know what we should
do is link them together
so we know how much
we're each not walking.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, another gherkin, Pat?
Oh, I can never say no
to a little pickle, Clive.
It's 3:29.
In one minute, the doors will open
and the gay kids of St.
Barklay's will stream in.
Will they thank me? Yes.
Will they carry me on their shoulders?
Of course. I'm super light,
and I've done a lot for them.
Hi.
I'm Allison.
You've probably never noticed me before.
I wear a lot of brown and blend in,
especially in the classrooms
with all the wood.
Unless it's an ash or
a blond pine or an oak
or cedar, which is reddish,
or black walnut.
Or ipê.
Well, I am...
I'm so... so happy that you are here.
But you didn't happen to bring any like,
slightly, uh, more
enthusiastic friends did you?
Al... Allison?
Oh, my, you really do blend in.
Are the questions anonymous?
Um, I mean, it's just you and me,
so, so... so no.
Hi, hi!
Mm.
This is it.
It's the final piece of shame-meat.
Mm-hmm.
Once I eat this,
I will be completely free of VP Murray.
I just have to wait for some
space in my body to open up.
Okay, well, while you digest,
let's look at what I'll be wearing
in the Chicagoland Fall Fashion Show!
Wait.
I want you to share this with me.
I did it.
Mm.
I feel like VP Murray never happened.
Eileen!
What are you doing here?
I ate all the meat. You're gone.
I had no idea this was your house.
I assumed, as any rational person would,
that divorced people
no longer cohabitate.
Then what are you doing here?
There's my Fitbit buddy!
Wonder Twins activate!
I can't believe nobody has
joined my LGBT club yet.
I joined.
This is the most
important club at St. Barklay's.
We need to make gays more visible!
No, Claire, 27 girls.
No, no, no, Shannon,
you are not getting this classroom.
We are doing real work here.
Not enslaving underclassmen
for some money-making scheme.
It's... It's all right, Kenny.
It's my fault.
You were saying?
I have an opportunity
to be the voice of an entire generation
of gay kids, Shannon.
If not me, who? If not now, when?
Fine, but I was talking
to the inter-club council,
and you may be interested to know
it takes five members
to make an official club.
And you only have two.
Plus Jimmy. That's three.
Whoa, why, really?
I'm in?
Yes, queen.
I can do that now that
I'm in the club, right?
No.
No. I am fascinated by your culture.
You're on borrowed time, brothers.
Tick-tock.
So, listen.
We'll see how this bike ride goes,
but just so you know,
I have been sitting on a little Groupon
for go-kart racing for months.
Is that something you'd be into?
Hellz yeah!
If they rent helmets.
Um...
So, uh, I live with my mother.
And apparently you still
live with your wife
that you're divorcing.
Let's dig into that.
Well, there's not much to it.
I can't really afford
to leave right now, anyway.
Plus, it's good for the kids.
Yeah, no, totes.
Totes-magotes.
So, how would it work,
say, if one of you...
Her more specifically...
Wanted to date somebody, hypothetically?
Listen, it's not my problem anymore.
That's the poor guy
who dates Eileen's problem.
Whoa!
Oh, nerts.
Why don't you go wash up inside?
Hey, no need, bro.
Let's do this.
Oh.
- Well...
- Slippery little snapper.
You know what? I am just gonna
go wash up inside. Yeah.
Okay.
May I use the facilities?
I know you're using Pat
to get closer to me.
It's not gonna work.
I'm not smart enough to pull that off.
Your rejection was quite clear.
Pat invited me over.
Yeah, right.
You think you can just come over here
in those form-fitting bike shorts
and your greasy hands
and that part in your hair
that stays perfect,
even though you've been wearing
that stupid helmet all day
and tell me you're not here to see me?
Oh, I will have you know...
No, woman!
You had many chances to choose me.
You made your bed,
which it seems I'll never be seeing
because, as I'll remind you,
what we had was just a "summer thang."
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have a light to moderate bike ride
to take with my new friend, Pat.
I can't believe I didn't
get one person to come out
on National Coming Out Day.
I mean if I can come out to my mom
and live to tell the tale,
why can't everyone?
I love yo-yos.
Okay, Allison, this is important.
Maybe it's not that easy.
I haven't come out to my parents.
Wait, you haven't?
Then... then it's you!
You're the one that's
going to come out to your parents
on National Coming Out Day.
- Today!
- Oh, I'm not sure.
We always go to
Granny Apples on Tuesdays.
- It's taco night.
- Oh, come on.
Allison, be the catalyst
that busts open the closet door
and frees the chains of gay oppression
here at St. Barklay's and beyond!
Pick up my torch. Carry on my legacy.
Be this year's Kenny O'Neal!
That's a high-five. Kenny O'Neal!
Well, I guess I'm not gonna be
the next Tyra Banks after all.
Apparently, Tip Tops
is a line for larger gals.
Do I want to march down a runway
and announce to the world,
"Hey, I'm plus-size!"
Absolutely not.
Really? You've always been
so comfortable in your own skin.
You never worried about
what other people thought.
I've always admired that about you.
Good.
I wish I could say the same.
Okay.
I'll make you a deal.
I'll do the modeling gig
if you go out with VP
Murray on a real date.
And why would I do that?
Because it's National Coming Out Day.
And if I can come out as
somebody who's plus-size,
you can come out as
somebody who's got a crush
on a thin man in Lycra.
Couple of dudes taking a ride.
Of all the fabrics in all the world,
he had to wear that one.
I'm telling you, Allison
coming out to her parents
is exactly the spark our club
needs to get kids to join.
Well, I hope so.
Otherwise I don't know who's
gonna answer all my questions.
Are you gonna give up yet?
I'm hearing my girls will unionize
if I don't provide light and air.
Sorry to disappoint,
but my club is actually coming together.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
What... That was one of my questions...
"How long did it take to build Rome?"
What... this is? What is this?
"What do you do when you
want to come out to your parents,
but you're worried
they're going to kick you out
because they've said things like
'If you're gay, we'll kick you out'?"
I didn't write this.
- Did I?
- No.
Allison must have.
I had no idea.
Wow. That's rough.
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God.
The one member of my club,
and I gave her dangerous advice.
How did I get so carried away?
Probably when you started
calling yourself Gay Moses.
Yep, that was the moment.
You guys, we have to stop her.
Jimmy!
Well, I guess I'll never know
what "Lost" was really all about.
Um, so, thank you for texting me
that we might be a multi-seasonal thang.
Well, I thought we should see
if there's more to
this relationship than meat.
I hope you don't mind that
we're just driving around
and not going anywhere,
you know... public.
This is perfect.
Would you be opposed to a little Hootie?
- Very.
- Oh.
Dad, go!
- Step on it!
- Faster! We have to stop her!
- She can't come out to her parents!
- Hurry!
Guys, I'm doing 80 in a school zone!
A third grader just flipped me off.
Okay, well, then, um... just pretend
that she's going to get
the last order of nachos
if she gets there first.
Never.
Here's a question I have
been dying to ask.
- Hmm?
- Do you like water parks?
I think they're cesspools of poverty.
But go on.
Uh-oh.
Oh, my God, it's Pat.
He's coming for us! Stay calm!
- Stay calm!
- Clive! Pull over! Pull over!
If I don't make it, tell
Mother I always hated her!
Never tell Mother what I said.
There she is.
- Come on, Kenny!
- I'm going, going, going...
- Come on!
- I'm going!
Allison, you forgot your homework.
I'll meet you guys inside.
Get me the usual?
Broccoli with a side of rice.
Broccoli, on taco night?
Oh, Allison.
I know. I'm bland and ordinary.
But I guess that all changes
after I go inside and tell them.
Don't.
Or... Or... Or do.
I just...
It was wrong of me to force you
to come out to your parents
before you were ready.
That's... That's not my call to make.
But you were right.
It's important for the club.
No, uh... it was important for me.
I got caught up in my experience
and how now that I'm out,
everyone else should be, too.
But my journey is not yours.
You have to come out when it's... safe
and right for you.
You're not disappointed in me?
No.
You know, I guess it's okay that
nobody came out on
National Coming Out Day.
There are other days.
That's not true. I came out to you.
Really?
I was the first person you came out to?
Yeah.
Your club inspired me. And those socks.
Allison, you're not wearing all brown!
You should roll up that other pant leg,
show 'em off a little bit.
I'm gay, not a whore.
Are you sassy, Allison?
You have no idea.
So National Coming Out Day
wasn't as big as I expected.
But I guess we all have to
come out in our own way.
You can come out to just one person...
Or you can come out to the world.
But however you do it,
just make sure you support each other.
Hey, girl!
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
Well, we may not be an official club,
but at least we have a banner.
- I'm so excited.
- Are you?
Hey, Shannon, thanks for
letting us share the room.
Just because I watch my bottom line
doesn't mean I don't have a heart.
All right, ladies, the gay
banner ate up 30 minutes.
I wouldn't plan on
being home for dinner.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org